The modern-day history
of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Greece
includes a long record of legal battles
to establish the freedom
to preach the good news.
However, today,
for the most part, opposition has subsided
and the Greece branch continues to spearhead
the preaching work in Cyprus and in Greece.
What led up to this branch dedication?
After a ten-year search for a suitable site
for the new branch and with help
from the Worldwide
Design/Construction Department,
a location was found.
The new branch office
is located on the outskirts of Athens,
close to the busy port of Piraeus.
What are the new offices like?
Let’s start with the translation office,
which was dedicated in October 2016.
The translation office is located
on the second floor of this building
just above the dotted line.
Most members of the translation team
live in the apartments above the offices.
Here, the brothers translate into Greek,
Greek Sign Language,
and two Romany languages.
The new branch office is located
about three miles
from the translation office.
It occupies one half of this new building.
A commercial firm
put up the building’s structure,
and a local
design construction team customized
the inside for our needs.
Here is a look at the new branch.
Here is the lobby.
Here we see the rooms,
some of the offices,
and the dining room.
The dedication of the beautiful new branch
was scheduled for Saturday,
November 17, 2018.
But things did not go as planned.
As Jamie and I left
for the airport on Thursday morning,
some light snow was expected,
so we arrived early.
However, much more snow fell
than was forecast.
Our flight was delayed,
and eventually it was canceled.
So after spending 14 hours at Newark airport,
we returned to Warwick.
We had to wait until the next evening
to catch a flight.
The next day, the brothers in Greece
were gathering in the Bethel dining room
for the branch dedication,
but our late departure meant
that we would not arrive
in time for the program.
Kindly, the Teaching Committee
adjusted the schedule
so that the dedication talk could be
presented on Sunday.
But what took place in Greece
when all the brothers found out
that we wouldn’t make it in time
for the dedication talk on Saturday?
I said to Brother Cook:
“You know, Brother Cook,
if there is anything you need help with,
please let me know.”
I didn’t expect this.
Brother LaFranca gave
an encouraging service talk
that enhanced the weekend program.
We arrived at the branch
late Saturday afternoon
in time to greet the brothers there.
On Sunday morning,
we traveled to the Assembly Hall
along with 116 delegates
from 16 countries.
The attendance
at the Assembly Hall was 1,680.
All the congregations in Greece and Cyprus
were either tied in or watched
the recorded program,
making the total attendance 27,718.
Do you desire to dedicate
this branch office
to Jehovah God to be used
exclusively for his praise and glory
and to promote his pure worship
in your branch territory?
After the program, in Greek style,
all rejoiced in what Jehovah had done.
The 84 Bethelites,
44 commuters,
and all in attendance at the Assembly Hall,
enthusiastically sent
their love and greetings
to the Governing Body
and the Bethel family
in the United States.